from the best-selling thriller by John
Grisham author of the firm and the
client from Alan J Pakula director of
all the President's Men and presumed
innocent Julia Roberts Denzel Washington
the Supreme Court of the United States
our ultimate symbol of law and order but
in a single night
two of its justices will be brutally
assassinated a thousand miles away in
New Orleans a lone law student has
pieced together who did the killings and
why and created a document that has
become known in the corridors of power
as the Pelican brief
now she has become a target and the only
person she can trust is an investigative
journalist everyone I've talked about
two previous dead
if this thing reaches as deep and goes
as high as we think it does these men
will do anything not to be exposed
Julia Roberts Denzel Washington the
Pelican brief
you